Adding Usage Guide for Pre-Shared Keys (#2890)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

- **max_length** Max number of bytes to copy into the **out** buffer.

**s2n_client_hello_get_raw_message_length** returns the size of the ClientHello message received by the server; it can be used to allocate the **out** buffer.

> **s2n_client_hello_get_raw_message** copies **max_lenght** bytes of the ClientHello message into the **out** buffer and returns the number of copied bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**s2n_client_hello_get_raw_message** copies **max_length** bytes of the ClientHello message into the **out** buffer and returns the number of copied bytes.
```

- **max_length** Max number of bytes to copy into the **out** buffer.

**s2n_client_hello_get_extensions_length** returns the number of bytes the extensions take on the ClientHello message received by the server; it can be used to allocate the **out** buffer.

> **s2n_client_hello_get_extensions** copies into the **out** buffer **max_length** bytes of the extensions on the ClientHello and returns the number of bytes that were copied.

Reviewer 2: returns the number of copied bytes.

- **max_length** Max number of bytes to copy into the **out** buffer.

**s2n_client_hello_get_extension_length** returns the number of bytes the given extension type takes on the ClientHello message received by the server; it can be used to allocate the **out** buffer.

> **s2n_client_hello_get_extension_by_id** copies into the **out** buffer **max_length** bytes of a given extension type on the ClientHello and returns the number of bytes that were copied.

Reviewer: Why are we updating this phrasing everywhere as part of this PR?

Author: Well, Laura suggested to update to this wording and I wanted to keep it even across the doc,  and it wasn't a huge effort to have consistency - so updated it.

[s2n_connection_wipe](#s2n\_connection\_wipe) does not need to be called prior to this function. **s2n_connection_free** performs its own wipe
of sensitive data.

## TLS1.3 Pre-Shared Key Related Calls

s2n-tls supports pre-shared keys (PSKs) as of TLS1.3. PSKs allow users to establish secrets outside of the handshake, skipping certificate exchange and authentication.

### Benefits of Using Pre-Shared Keys

> Using pre-shared keys can avoid the need for public key operations. This is useful in performance-constrained environments with limited CPU power. PSKs may be more convenient from a key management point of view. If the system already has a mechanism for sharing secrets, that mechanism can be reused for TLS PSKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using pre-shared keys can avoid the need for public key operations. This is useful in performance-constrained environments with limited CPU power. PSKs may also be more convenient from a key management point of view: if the system already has a mechanism for sharing secrets, that mechanism can be reused for TLS PSKs.
```

> Using pre-shared keys can avoid the need for public key operations. This is useful in performance-constrained environments with limited CPU power. PSKs may also be more convenient from a key management point of view: If the system already has a mechanism for sharing secrets, that mechanism can be reused for TLS PSKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using pre-shared keys can avoid the need for public key operations. This is useful in performance-constrained environments with limited CPU power. PSKs may also be more convenient from a key management point of view: if the system already has a mechanism for sharing secrets, that mechanism can be reused for TLS PSKs.
```

### Security Considerations

> A PSK must not be shared between more than one server and one client. An entity that acts as both a server and a client should not use the same PSK for both roles. For more information refer: [Selfie: reflections on TLS 1.3 with PSK.](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/347.pdf)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PSK must not be shared between more than one server and one client. An entity that acts as both a server and a client should not use the same PSK for both roles. For more information see: [Selfie: reflections on TLS 1.3 with PSK.](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/347.pdf)

```

Author: I like refer  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

**s2n_psk_set_identity** sets the identity for a given PSK. The identity is a unique identifier for the pre-shared secret. This identity is transmitted over the network unencrypted and is a non-secret value, therefore do not include any confidential information.

**s2n_psk_set_secret** sets the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is not secure and is subject to dictionary attacks.

**s2n_psk_set_hmac** sets the PSK hmac algorithm for a given PSK. The supported PSK hmac algorithms are listed in the **s2n_psk_hmac** enum. This API overrides the default PSK hmac algorithm value of **S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256** and may influence the server cipher suite selection.

**s2n_connection_append_psk** appends the PSK to the connection. Both server and client should call this API to add PSKs to their connection. The order this API is called matters, as PSKs that are appended first will be more preferred than PSKs appended last. This API must be called prior to the server selecting a PSK for the connection.

> **s2n_config_set_psk_mode** configures s2n-tls to expect either session resumption PSKs or external PSKs. This API should be called prior to selecting a PSK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**s2n_config_set_psk_mode** configures s2n-tls to expect either session resumption PSKs or external PSKs. This API only needs to be called if a server has not called s2n_connection_append_psk before the handshake, as in this specific case the connection does not know which mode the server is using.
```

Author: I prefer to err on the side of safety and keep the original sentence. By rephrasing we risk our customers not calling the API when it has to be called.

                               struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list)
{
    struct s2n_offered_psk *offered_psk = s2n_offered_psk_new();

    while (s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next(psk_list)) {
        uint8_t *client_psk_id = NULL;
        uint16_t client_psk_id_len = 0;

        s2n_offered_psk_list_next(psk_list, offered_psk);
        s2n_offered_psk_get_identity(offered_psk, &client_psk_id, &client_psk_id_len);
        struct s2n_psk *psk = user_lookup_identity_db(client_psk_id, client_psk_id_len);
        
        if (psk) {
            s2n_connection_append_psk(conn, psk);
            s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk(psk_list, offered_psk);
            break;
        }
    }
    s2n_offered_psk_free(&offered_psk);
    return S2N_SUCCESS;
}
```

### Retrieve the Negotiated Pre-Shared Key

The following APIs enable the caller to retrieve the PSK selected by the server for the connection.

```c
int s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length(struct s2n_connection *conn, uint16_t *identity_length);
int s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity(struct s2n_connection *conn, uint8_t *identity, uint16_t max_identity_length);
```

> **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity** gets the identity of the PSK used to negotiate the connection. **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** gets the length of the identity. If the connection performed a full handshake instead of using PSKs **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** returns 0 and **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity** does nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity** gets the identity of the PSK used to negotiate the connection. **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** gets the length of the identity. If the connection performed a full handshake instead of using PSKs then **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** returns 0 and **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity** does nothing.
```

**s2n_config_set_psk_mode** sets the PSK mode on the config object. The PSK mode represents how the pre-shared key was generated and shared between the server and the client. The enum **s2n_psk_mode** lists the supported PSK modes. Use this API prior to the ClientHello to set the PSK mode for the connection. This API can also be used to switch between the different PSK modes.

**s2n_connection_set_psk_mode** sets the PSK mode on the connection object. The enum **s2n_psk_mode** lists the supported PSK modes. This API overrides the PSK mode set on config for this connection. If the connection already contains a list of PSKs **s2n_connection_set_psk_mode** verifies that the current PSK mode matches that of the list. If the PSK mode being set differs from the existing list, an error is returned. If there is no existing list of PSKs present on the connection, the PSK mode of the list is set to the input PSK mode.

### Selecting a Pre-Shared Key

> 

Reviewer: Can we include a discussion of the case where the server has no PSKs set when this callback is called, including how how s2n_connection_set_psk_mode factors in? That will likely be the main use case for this callback, and it's not obvious how to handle it.

By default, s2n server chooses the first identity in its PSK list that also appears in the client's PSK list. If you would like to implement your own PSK selection logic,
use the **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to select the PSK to be used for the connection, along with the following offered PSK APIs to process the client sent list of PSKs.

```c
struct s2n_offered_psk* s2n_offered_psk_new();
int s2n_offered_psk_free(struct s2n_offered_psk **psk);
```

**s2n_offered_psk** creates a new offered PSK object. An offered PSK represents a single PSK offered by the client.
Use this object to create the list of offered PSKs sent by the client. Use **s2n_offered_psk_free** to free
the memory allocated to the offered PSK object created by this API.

> **s2n_offered_psk_free** frees the memory associated with the **s2n_offered_psk** object.

Reviewer: Can you make the use case for these APIs clearer? Discussing them separately from s2n_offered_psk_list_next and s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback is a little odd, and makes it seem like they have a use beyond those APIs.

Author: The use-case for this is made clear in the example I have included. I include these two APIS within the same sub-section ``` ### Selecting a Pre-Shared Key``` and I am not discussing them separately.

```

 ### Selecting a Pre-Shared Key

By default, s2n server chooses the first identity in its PSK list that also appears in the client's PSK list. 
If you would like to implement your own PSK selection logic, use the **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to 
select the PSK to be used for the connection, along with the following offered PSK APIs to process 
the client sent list of PSKs.

``` c
struct s2n_offered_psk* s2n_offered_psk_new();
int s2n_offered_psk_free(struct s2n_offered_psk **psk);
`` ` 

```

The server calls the following APIs to select the PSK to be used for the connection.

```c
int s2n_offered_psk_get_identity(struct s2n_offered_psk *psk, uint8_t** identity, uint16_t *size);
bool s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_next(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list, struct s2n_offered_psk *psk);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_reread(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list, struct s2n_offered_psk *psk);
typedef int (*s2n_psk_selection_callback)(struct s2n_connection *conn, void *context,

>                                           struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);

Reviewer: You should discuss the lifetime / safety of the psk_list variable, either in the doxygen comment or here.

Author: The lifetime of the s2n_offered_psk_list is till the end of the PSK selection callback.

int s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_psk_selection_callback cb, void *context);
```

Use the **s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback** only when a custom PSK selection logic is desired by the client.
By default, s2n-tls server chooses the first identity in its PSK list that also appears in the client's PSK list.

**s2n_offered_psk_get_identity** gets the PSK identity and PSK identity length for a given offered PSK object.
Callers can use this API to obtain the identity value set on the **s2n_offered_psk** object.

> 

Reviewer: This API returns a pointer to internal memory with a limited lifetime. You don't discuss safety in [the doxygen comment](https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/blob/main/api/s2n.h#L866-L874). You could discuss safety here, but it would probably make more sense in the doxygen comment.

Author: The lifetime of the identity is till the end of the PSK selection callback.

**s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next** checks whether the offered PSK list has an offered PSK object next in line in the list.
An offered PSK list contains all the pre-shared keys offered by the client for the server to select.
If an offered PSK exists next in line, this API returns True, otherwise False.

> Use this API prior to calling **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** to obtain the next offered PSK object from the offered PSK list.

Reviewer: Somewhere in this description, or in the doxygen comment, you need to make it clear that returning false here means you have reached the end of the list. Future calls to s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next will also return false, and calls to s2n_offered_psk_list_next will fail. "an offered PSK exists" is not clear enough about the actual purpose, and I don't know why we'd want to be vague about this.

For example: "**s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next** checks whether the caller has reached the end of the client's offered PSK list."

**s2n_offered_psk_list_next** obtains the next offered PSK object from the offered PSK list.
Use **s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next** prior to this API call to determine if an offered PSK exists next in the list.

**s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** returns the offered PSK list to its original read state.
After **s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** is called, the next call to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will return the first PSK in the offered PSK list.

> **s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk** selects a PSK from the offered PSK list to be used for the connection.
> This API matches the PSK identity received from the client against the server's known PSK identities list,
> in order to choose the PSK to be used for the connection. If the PSK identity sent from the client is NULL,
> no PSK is chosen for the connection. If the client offered PSK identity has no matching PSK identity with the server,
> s2n-tls returns an error. Use this API along with the optional **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to select a PSK for the connection.

Reviewer: The user does not need the implementation details. Your description of the behavior is enough.

```suggestion
**s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk** selects a PSK from the offered PSK list to be used for the connection.
If the PSK identity sent from the client is NULL, no PSK is chosen for the connection. If the client offered PSK identity has no matching server PSK identity, s2n-tls returns an error.
```

**s2n_psk_selection_callback** is a callback function that the server calls to select a PSK from a list of offered PSKs.
Use this callback to implement custom PSK selection logic. By default s2n-tls server chooses the first identity in its PSK

> list that also appears in the client's PSK list. This callback must be implemented and set on the connection prior to the ClientHello.

Reviewer: You repeat "By default s2n-tls server chooses the first identity in its PSK" a lot in this document. Is that necessary?

    EXPECT_NOT_NULL(offered_psk);
    uint16_t *wire_index_choice = (uint16_t*) context;
    uint16_t idx = 0;
    while(s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next(psk_identity_list)) {
        POSIX_GUARD(s2n_offered_psk_list_next(psk_identity_list, &offered_psk));
        if (idx == *wire_index_choice) {
            POSIX_GUARD(s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk(psk_identity_list, &offered_psk));
            break;
        }
        idx++;
    };
    return S2N_SUCCESS;
}

struct s2n_config *config = s2n_config_new();
uint16_t expected_wire_choice = 0;
s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback(config, s2n_psk_selection_callback, &expected_wire_choice));
```

In the following example **s2n_psk_selection_callback** sets the list of server supported PSKs and also selects
the PSK to be used for the connection.

```c
uint8_t identity[] = { 0x01, 0xFF, 0x23 };
uint8_t secret[] = { 0x0A, 0x03, 0x05, 0x08, 0x01 };
uint8_t identity_2[] = { 0x56, 0xFA, 0x09, 0x78 };
uint8_t secret_2[] = { 0x12, 0x30, 0x09, 0x02, 0x04 };
uint8_t *identity_list[] = { identity, identity_2 };
uint8_t *secret_list[] = { secret, secret_2 };

> size_t psk_list_len = sizeof(identity_list)/sizeof(*identity_list);

Reviewer: Is this necessary? What usage information does it contribute?

Author: This value is correct and is easier to maintain if the example changes to increase the number of PSKs. I am not a fan of using `hard-coded` values such as `2` especially when it adds no additional value here.

int s2n_setup_psks(struct s2n_connection *conn)
{
    for (size_t i = 0; i < psk_list_len; i++) {
        DEFER_CLEANUP(struct s2n_psk *psk = s2n_external_psk_new(), s2n_psk_free);

>         POSIX_GUARD(s2n_psk_set_identity(psk, identity_list[i], sizeof(identity_list[i])));

Reviewer: Please don't use DEFER_CLEANUP or POSIX_GUARD. Those macros aren't public.

        POSIX_GUARD(s2n_psk_set_secret(psk, secret_list[i], sizeof(secret_list[i])));
        POSIX_GUARD(s2n_connection_append_psk(conn, psk));
    }
    return S2N_SUCCESS;
}

int s2n_psk_selection_callback(struct s2n_connection *conn, void *context,
        struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_identity_list)

> {

Reviewer: I worry that using the default logic as your example might confuse customers into thinking they need to re-implement the default logic. Can you use a more likely customer use case, like a server needing to look PSKs up in an external list, possibly while also loading the PSK it needs?

[s2n_connection_wipe](#s2n\_connection\_wipe) does not need to be called prior to this function. **s2n_connection_free** performs its own wipe
of sensitive data.

## TLS1.3 Pre-Shared Key Related Calls

S2N-TLS provides support for pre-shared keys (PSKs). PSKs can be established out of band (external PSKs) or in a previous connection (resumption PSKs) for versions >= TLS1.3.
The PSK is used to mutually authenticate the peers, under the assumption that it is not shared with others.
This allows the handshake to skip the certificate verification steps, saving bandwidth and latency.

### Benefits of Using Pre-Shared Keys

- Using pre-shared keys can avoid the need for public key operations.
  This is useful in performance-constrained environments with limited CPU power.

> - PSKs may be more convenient from a key management point of view. For instance, in closed environments where you manually configure the connections in advance, it is easier to configure a PSK than to use certificates. Another case is when the parties already have a mechanism for setting up a shared secret key, and that mechanism could be used to "bootstrap" a key for authenticating the TLS connection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- PSKs may be more convenient from a key management point of view. For instance, in closed environments where you manually configure the connections in advance, it is easier to configure a PSK than to use certificates. Another case where it may be more convenient to use PSKs is when the parties already have a mechanism for setting up a shared secret key. That mechanism could be used to "bootstrap" a key for authenticating the TLS connection.
```

>   are configured manually in advance, it is easier to configure a PSK than to use certificates. Another case is when the parties already have a mechanism for setting up a shared secret key, and that mechanism could be used to "bootstrap" a key for authenticating the TLS connection.

Reviewer 2: where you manually configure the connections in advance.

> - PSKs are more appropriate for use cases with long-lived credentials stored in hardware secure elements than PKI-based

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- PSKs may be more appropriate when using long-lived credentials in hardware security modules, given that PKI-based solutions enforce expiration dates and require error-prone rotation schemes.
```

  solutions which enforces expiration dates and requires error-prone rotation schemes.

### Security Considerations

> 

Reviewer 3: I prefer:
- A peer who acts as both server and client _should not_ use the same PSK for both roles. Doing so would open up the handshake to a selfie attack. This attack is elaborated in greater detail here: [Selfie: reflections on TLS 1.3 with PSK](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/347.pdf).

Author: This suggestion is insufficient as it misses that `each endpoint must use a different PSK`. 
and the use of `who` and `open up the..` reads more colloquial that written language.

```
A peer that acts as both server and client should not use the same PSK for both roles. 
Similarly, the peer should not use the same PSK on different endpoints. Doing so would expose 
the handshake to a selfie attack. This attack is elaborated in detail here: 
[Selfie: reflections on TLS 1.3 with PSK](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/347.pdf) 
```

> - To prevent the reflection/selfie attack use a different PSK for each endpoint, and use a different PSK when acting as a server and a different PSK when acting as a client. Read the research paper titled [Selfie: reflections on TLS 1.3 with PSK](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/347.pdf) for more information.

Reviewer 2: To prevent the reflection (selfie) attack, use

> - If you configure the server name during the ClientHello callback, you should also set the PSKs at the same time.

Author: If the server_name is set with the ClientHello Callback: `s2n_config_set_client_hello_cb`, the PSKs should  also be set at the same time to satisfy the RFC requirement.  From the [RFC8446#page-57](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8446#page-57) `Clients SHOULD store the SNI with the PSK to fulfill the requirements of Section 4.6.1.`

> - The PSK should be set with the server name in mind. If the server name is configured during the ClientHello callback, then so should the PSKs.

Reviewer 2: If you configure the server name during the ClientHello callback, you should also set the PSKs at the same time.

> - The PSK should be set with the server name in mind. If the server name is configured during the ClientHello callback, then so should the PSKs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If you plan to implement a Client Hello callback and configure a server name in that callback, the PSKs that you create should also be configured with the same server name.
```
I'm not exactly sure if this is correct, but it flows more nicely than the current sentence.

Author: I used Laura's suggestion here: `- If you configure the server name during the ClientHello callback, you should also set the PSKs at the same time.`

> - The external PSK authentication mechanism implicitly assumes each PSK is known to exactly one client and one server, and these peers never switch roles. If this assumption is violated, the security properties of >= TLS1.3 are severely weakened.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Each PSK should be known to exactly _one_ client and _one_ server, and these peers should never switch roles. If this assumption is violated, the security properties of >= TLS1.3 are severely weakened.
```
Sometimes shorter sentences are more forceful than longer sentences.

### Configuring External Pre-Shared Keys

> Use the following APIs to configure and use external pre-shared keys.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following APIs to configure external pre-shared keys.
```

Use the following APIs to configure and use external pre-shared keys.

```c
struct s2n_psk* s2n_external_psk_new();
int s2n_psk_free(struct s2n_psk **psk);
int s2n_psk_set_identity(struct s2n_psk *psk, const uint8_t *identity, uint16_t identity_size);
int s2n_psk_set_secret(struct s2n_psk *psk, const uint8_t *secret, uint16_t secret_size);
int s2n_psk_set_hmac(struct s2n_psk *psk, s2n_psk_hmac hmac);
int s2n_connection_append_psk(struct s2n_connection *conn, struct s2n_psk *psk);
int s2n_config_set_psk_mode(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_psk_mode mode);
int s2n_connection_set_psk_mode(struct s2n_connection *conn, s2n_psk_mode mode);
```

> To create an external PSK a caller must call the **s2n_external_psk_new** API. **s2n_external_psk_new** creates a new external PSK object

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**s2n_external_psk_new** creates a new external PSK object with 
```

The first sentence on 1816 is superfluous.

with **S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256** as the default PSK hash algorithm. Use **s2n_psk_free** to free the memory allocated to the external
PSK object created by this API.

> **s2n_psk_set_identity** sets the PSK identity for a given PSK. The PSK identity is a unique identifier for the pre-shared secret. The PSK identity is transmitted over the network unencrypted and is a non-secret value. Do not include any confidential information in the identity. Note that the identity value is copied into s2n-tls memory and the user is responsible for freeing the memory associated with the **identity** input.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**s2n_psk_set_identity** sets the PSK identity for a given PSK. The PSK identity is a unique identifier for the pre-shared secret. This identity is transmitted over the network unencrypted and is a non-secret value so do not include any confidential information in the identity. 
```
I thought we were putting memory safety information in the doxygen comments, but 🤷‍♀️ I'm flexible here.

Author: The Usage Guide is meant to help the customer with gotchas and things they should be aware of while using the API, information such as memory responsibility  fits here for that reason.

**s2n_psk_set_secret** sets the secret value for a given PSK. Note that the secret value is copied into s2n-tls memory and the user is responsible for freeing the memory associated with the **secret** input.

**s2n_psk_set_hmac** sets the PSK hash algorithm for a given PSK.
The supported PSK hash algorithms are listed in the **s2n_psk_hmac** enum. This API overrides the default PSK hash algorithm value of **S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**. Use this API if you wish to select a different cipher suite, as the selected cipher suite must have the same hash algorithm as the PSK.

> After adding an identity and secret to the PSK object, append the PSK to the connection using **s2n_connection_append_psk**. This API sets up the connection to be later used by the server PSK extension to select a PSK for the connection. If a PSK with a duplicate identity is found, an error is returned and the PSK is not added to the list. If the connection already contains a list of PSKs **s2n_connection_append_psk** will verify that the PSK mode being set matches that of the list. If the PSK modes differs, an error is returned. If there is no existing list of PSKs present on the connection (the input PSK is the first PSK to be added to the list) the PSK mode of the list is set to the input PSK's mode. The PSK object is copied to the connection and the user is responsible for freeing the memory associated with the PSK object. Note that both the server and client should order the PSKs appended in preference order ranging from highest preferred PSK to lowest preferred PSK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both clients and servers should append their configured PSKs to the connection by calling **s2n_connection_append_psk**. Append the PSKs in order from most preferred to least preferred.
```
I actually think most of the information in this paragraph is irrelevant to the caller. We don't need to describe each error this function might hit.

Author: I disagree, this information is necessary to the caller as the **s2n_connection_append_psk** has edge cases. It is important for the customer to know which PSK mode is set on the connection and why they receive an error when the PSK mode does not match with the existing PSK mode for the list. It is a special case of this API that will bite the customer if they are not aware of it.

> After adding an identity and secret to the PSK object, append the PSK to the connection using **s2n_connection_append_psk**. This API sets up the list of PSKs on the connection that will later be used by the PSK extension to select a PSK for the connection. If a PSK with a duplicate identity is found, an error is returned and the PSK is not added to the list. If the connection already contains a list of PSKs **s2n_connection_append_psk** will verify that the PSK mode being set matches that of the list. If the PSK modes differs, an error is returned. If there is no existing list of PSKs present on the connection (the input PSK is the first PSK to be added to the list) the PSK mode of the list is set to the input PSK's mode. The PSK object is copied to the connection and the user is responsible for freeing the memory associated with the PSK object. Note that both the server and client should order the PSKs appended in preference order ranging from highest preferred PSK to lowest preferred PSK.

Reviewer 3: I think there is way too much information in this paragraph. All the caller really needs to know is that s2n_connection_append_psk adds PSKs to the connection and that the PSKs should be appended from most preferred to least. Why do we need to explain what each error means? If they get an error like "S2N_ERR_DUPLICATE_IDENTITIES" then they will know, okay, duplicate identities are not allowed.
```suggestion
**s2n_connection_append_psk** appends the PSK to the connection. Both server and client should call this API to add PSKs to their connection. Note that the order this API is called matters, as PSKs that are appended first will be more preferred than PSKs appended last.
```

**s2n_config_set_psk_mode** sets the PSK mode on the config object. The PSK mode represents how the pre-shared key was generated and shared between the server and the client. The enum **s2n_psk_mode** lists the supported PSK modes. Use this API prior to the ClientHello to set the PSK mode for the connection. This API can also be used to switch between the different PSK modes.

> **s2n_connection_set_psk_mode** sets the PSK mode on the connection object. The supported PSK modes are listed in the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**s2n_connection_set_psk_mode** sets the PSK mode on the connection object. The enum **s2n_psk_mode** lists the supported PSK modes.
```

enum **s2n_psk_mode** within the **api/s2n.h** file. This API overrides the PSK mode set on config for this connection.
If the connection already contains a list of PSKs **s2n_connection_set_psk_mode** will verify that the PSK mode being set matches
that of the list. If the PSK mode being set differs from the existing list, an error is returned. If there is no existing list of PSKs present on the connection, the PSK mode of the list is set to the input PSK mode.

> ### Obtaining Negotiated Pre-Shared Keys

Reviewer 3: Can you move this section to after the offered PSK section? It's weird that this comes first given that you should choose a PSK before you check with PSK was negotiated.

Author: It is not a part of the offered PSKs, this is the negotiated PSK selected by the server. It would not be correct to combine it with the offered PSK APIs.

Reviewer 3: Move it _after_ the offered psk section.

> The following APIs enable the caller to obtain the PSK that was selected by the server for the connection:

Reviewer 2: The following APIs enable the caller to obtain the PSK  selected by the server for the connection

> The following APIs enable the caller to obtain the PSK that was selected by the server for the connection:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following APIs retrieve the PSK that was selected by the server for the connection.
```

```c
int s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length(struct s2n_connection *conn, uint16_t *identity_length);
int s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity(struct s2n_connection *conn, uint8_t *identity, uint16_t max_identity_length);
```

**s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** gets the negotiated PSK identity length from the connection object.
If the negotiated PSK does not exist, the value **0** is returned. **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** can

> be used to determine if a negotiated PSK exists or not. If the negotiated PSK  exists **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** returns a value greater than zero.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
be used to determine if a negotiated PSK exists or not.
```
The last sentence is superfluous.

**s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity** gets the negotiated PSK identity from the connection object.

> If the negotiated PSK does not exist, the PSK identity will not be obtained and no error will be returned.

Reviewer 4: nit: might be worth repeating: `**s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** can be used to determine if a negotiated PSK exists or not.`

Reviewer 4: or mentioning `s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length` in some way

Author: I fear it may get repetitive as these are the only two APIs  in this sub-section. Thinking about it more, we are not loosing much by being repetitive here and if it will help clarity I can surely add:

`Use **s2n_connection_get_negotiated_psk_identity_length** prior to this API call  to determine if if a negotiated PSK exists or not.`

> If the negotiated PSK does not exist, the PSK identity will not be obtained and no error will be returned.

Reviewer 2: If the negotiated PSK does not exist, the PSK identity will not be obtained and no error will be returned. ->
If the negoriated PSK does not exist, s2n-tls does not obtain the PSK identity and does not return an error.

### Selecting a Pre-Shared Key

The following APIs are use to create and free the offered PSK list:

```c
struct s2n_offered_psk* s2n_offered_psk_new();
int s2n_offered_psk_free(struct s2n_offered_psk **psk);
```

**s2n_offered_psk** creates a new offered PSK object. An offered PSK represents a single PSK offered by the client.

> This object is used to create the list of offered PSKs sent by the client. Use **s2n_offered_psk_free** to free

Reviewer 2: This object is used to create the list of offered PSKs sent by the client. -> Use this object to create the list of offered PSKs sent by the client.

the memory allocated to the offered PSK object created by this API.

**s2n_offered_psk_free** frees the memory associated with the **s2n_offered_psk** object.

> The following APIs are called by the server to selects the PSK to be used for the connection.

Reviewer 2: The server calls the following APIs to select...

```c
int s2n_offered_psk_get_identity(struct s2n_offered_psk *psk, uint8_t** identity, uint16_t *size);
bool s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_next(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list, struct s2n_offered_psk *psk);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_reread(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);
int s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk(struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list, struct s2n_offered_psk *psk);
typedef int (*s2n_psk_selection_callback)(struct s2n_connection *conn, void *context,
                                          struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_list);
int s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_psk_selection_callback cb, void *context);
```

Use the **s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback** only when a custom PSK selection logic is desired by the client.
By default, s2n-tls server chooses the first identity in its PSK list that also appears in the client's PSK list.

**s2n_offered_psk_get_identity** gets the PSK identity and PSK identity length for a given offered PSK object.
Callers can use this API to obtain the identity value set on the **s2n_offered_psk** object.

> **s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next** checks whether the offered PSK list has an offered psk object next in line in the list.

Reviewer 2: offered psk object -  offered PSK object

An offered PSK list contains all the pre-shared keys offered by the client for the server to select.
If an offered PSK exists next in line, this API returns True, otherwise False.
Use this API prior to calling **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** to obtain the next offered PSK object from the offered PSK list.

**s2n_offered_psk_list_next** obtains the next offered PSK object from the offered PSK list.
Use **s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next** prior to this API call to determine if an offered PSK exists next in the list.

**s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** returns the offered PSK list to its original read state.

> Calls to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will start over from the beginning of the PSK list. After **s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** is called, the next call to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will return the first PSK in the offered PSK list.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After **s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** is called, the next call to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will return the first PSK in the offered PSK list.
```

> Calls to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will start over from the beginning of the PSK list. After **s2n_offered_psk_list_reread** is called, the next call to **s2n_offered_psk_list_next** will return the first PSK in the offered PSK list.

Reviewer 2: will start over - start over

**s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk** selects a PSK from the offered PSK list to be used for the connection.
This API matches the PSK identity received from the client against the server's known PSK identities list,
in order to choose the PSK to be used for the connection. If the PSK identity sent from the client is NULL,
no PSK is chosen for the connection. If the client offered PSK identity has no matching PSK identity with the server,

> an error will be returned. Use this API along with the **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to select a PSK for the connection.

Reviewer 4: I though **s2n_psk_selection_callback** usage was optional only if one wanted to override the logic? Maybe re-state it

Author: Yes, **s2n_psk_selection_callback** is to be used only when the default option in undesired. This APIs are enables the customer for the use-case when **s2n_psk_selection_callback** is present. I think restating that the setting of callback is optional is not adding any value here. Maybe:

```
Use this API along with the optional **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to select a PSK for the connection.
```

> an error will be returned. Use this API along with the **s2n_psk_selection_callback** to select a PSK for the connection.

Reviewer 2: an error will be returned - s2n-tls returns an error.

by the server prior to the ClientHello.

For Example:

In the following example **s2n_psk_selection_callback** selects a PSK with a shared PSK wired index
that is sent to the callback via the **context** pointer.

```c
int s2n_psk_selection_callback(struct s2n_connection *conn, void *context,
        struct s2n_offered_psk_list *psk_identity_list)
{
    DEFER_CLEANUP(struct s2n_offered_psk *offered_psk = s2n_offered_psk_new(), s2n_offered_psk_free);
    EXPECT_NOT_NULL(offered_psk);
    uint16_t *wire_index_choice = (uint16_t*) context;
    uint16_t idx = 0;
    while(s2n_offered_psk_list_has_next(psk_identity_list)) {
        POSIX_GUARD(s2n_offered_psk_list_next(psk_identity_list, &offered_psk));
        if (idx == *wire_index_choice) {
            POSIX_GUARD(s2n_offered_psk_list_choose_psk(psk_identity_list, &offered_psk));
            break;
        }
        idx++;
    };
    return S2N_SUCCESS;
}

struct s2n_config *config = s2n_config_new();
uint16_t expected_wire_choice = 0;
s2n_config_set_psk_selection_callback(config, s2n_psk_selection_callback, &expected_wire_choice));
```

> In the following example **s2n_psk_selection_callback** is used to set the list of server supported PSKs and also select

Reviewer 2: is used to set the -> sets
